hey guys welcome back cheesy wienies
here and in this tutorial video only be
showing you how to get cobwebs and go in
obsidian in Minecraft Pocket Edition 0.7
point2 now first of all it may be
jailbroken and you need to have I MCPE
edit install it into your iDevice now if
you don't know how to install it you
could click in my videos and in the
tutorial video on how to get jinan where
I do show you how to install this app
but since this is my second video I
don't need to so what you need to do is
open up IMCP edit and if you've already
install you should probably already get
the hang of it all you want to do is go
into inventory you add and i already
added some stuff you know you could get
the camera the clock the compass and the
iron door in here if you search on these
are the cubs in the club city and they
cannot but be found here so you have to
collect the ID n so the cob webs ID 30
that dirty hit 30 that 30 then done and
gave myself sick sick all of that going
obsidian is 246 click done count I gave
myself 64 of that then after you've done
that you just want to hit save and open
up minecraft go into and whenever you
hit that save by and you're going to die
alright so if you're switching your game
mode and you hit save you're always
going to die so you can see I died
because i hate to see but and you can
see how it's testing some out is that
you're cooking furnace i am going to
show a lot of ids so these aren't like
the only ones there was a bunch more for
like the furnaces that look like they're
cooking something but they're not iron
door as you can see here in my mentor e
i have everything in the hotbar you
don't see the glow in obsidian but it's
actually there it I you know if you
don't know what the wound obsidian issue
sec issues how the nether would but the
Obsidian I mean looks when you using
nether reactor etc basically is cobwebs
they do work perfectly well they do work
perfect haven't found any bug issues
within you
do move slow in them so it's really cool
max rebuilding his home games not been
creative this was mileage it's of our
worldly poor I didn't cheat at all I
bought everything from scratch but uh
yeah joke book my pardon that all
changed I just like fungi IMCP yet it
made this little hunger games map it's
not dunya of course you can see a stone
construction it's gonna be the four
biomes mod I mean the four biomes map I
don't know if you guys have heard of the
vibe I've seen videos on it from famous
youtubers and yeah i just purchased
around turns you to survive will get
myself stuff and just add again and yeah
as you can see i have working cobwebs if
I come in here I actually play some tuna
click let go buildings were old place
one there and I've got a clock a camera
if you place the camera I'll never let
me play see see is if I'm hitting
something but you can see like broke I
actually didn't know this company could
actually place it down until I watch the
video and the guy actually hit it and I
smoking I know the compasses looks like
a pop just what it looks like a pop
basically but it's actually just a
compass without the red bar in it and
yeah the iron doors kind of suck you
could get them full by doing this then
placing one right next to them in fall
and now you have four iron doors that's
creepy there we go you know just a
little glitch if you guys didn't know
about it or didn't know how to get the
full door that's how you get it you
cannot open it they are not and if you
cannot be used like normal doors and
before this video gets really long and
takes me forever to upload to YouTube
make sure to hit that like and subscribe
button this video was helpful and your
comment down below I will be making more
videos on koide ease
micro population if you like that video
in this video there will be more so hit
that subscribe button um cheesy wienies
and I'll see you guys later peace